updating REAMDE from chapter 02 inclund 04_bonus section (#344)
rasbt/LLMs-from-scratch: ch02/README.md

- [02_bonus_bytepair-encoder](02_bonus_bytepair-encoder) contains optional code to benchmark different byte pair encoder implementations

- [03_bonus_embedding-vs-matmul](03_bonus_embedding-vs-matmul) contains optional (bonus) code to explain that embedding layers and fully connected layers applied to one-hot encoded vectors are equivalent.

> - [04_bonus_dataloader-intuition](04_bonus_dataloader-intuition) contains optional (bonus) code to implement data loader with sliding window intuition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [04_bonus_dataloader-intuition](04_bonus_dataloader-intuition) contains optional (bonus) code to explain the data loader more intuitively with simple numbers rather than text.
```
